1.  What are the different data types present in javascript?
2. Explain Hoisting in javascript.
3. Why do we use the word “debugger” in javascript?
4. Difference between “ == “ and “ === “ operators.
5. Difference between var and let keyword in javascript.
6. Explain Implicit Type Coercion in javascript.
7. Is javascript a statically typed or a dynamically typed language?
8. What is NaN property in JavaScript?
9. Explain passed by value and passed by reference.
10. What is an Immediately Invoked Function in JavaScript?
11. What do you mean by strict mode in javascript and characteristics of javascript strict-mode?
12. Explain Higher Order Functions in javascript.
13. Explain “this” keyword.

14. What do you mean by Self Invoking Functions?
=>  A self-invoking function, also known as an Immediately Invoked Function Expression (IIFE), is a JavaScript function that runs automatically when it's defined. 

15. Explain call(), apply() and, bind() methods.
16. What is the difference between exec () and test () methods in javascript?
17. What is currying in JavaScript?
=> It is a technique in functional programming, that transforms the function of multiple arguments into several functions of a single argument in sequence. 



1. Event loop - gate keeper to callstack . Pushes functions to callstack from macro and micro task queue provided callstack is empty
2.micro queue - stores functions received from fetch api when there is network calls and mutation functions where as macro queue stores callbacks from the web api such as settimeout,local storage and others in a queue format.micro takes precedence over micro 
3. Map reduce filter - higher order function.map - works on each an every element on an array and returns the modified array.filter - filters the array based on a condition and returns a new arr with filtered value.reduce returns a scalar value after performing operations with each and every element on an arr.
4.promise resolves call back hell.promisr chain is quite complex. To overcome this ecma script introduces Async and await .just use these for asynchronous operation
5.improving application performance - observe throttling and debouncing.simple write better code
6. Debugging techniques - debug on the console using dev tool debugger. Easy peasy.
